"              Mission: Colombo Circle

Big brother: Greetings Pi718, your mission on this planet will be collect genetic code of the living beings who once lived here.
    We haven't explore this area of galactic yet, so you are first one here newbie. Our metal friends will come here soon, in one or two hundred years.
    Life on this planet was destroyed by some accident.
    Try find everything that you can and we will try to restore the appearance of the local creatures.
    But before sending you have to clear genetic materials, you will understand when you will see it.

Pi718:  ...Kshhshst. Bip-bip, Okey. I will try my best. Kirk out (:_:).

        Press SPACE or E to continue."

"Big brother: Hmm... this one are pretty complex genes. Here is about 48 chromosomes.
        Intersting, but our archives have information about this creature. It says he was called 'Monkey'. 
        It had 2 hands and 2 legs, so he could walk.
        Probably he is an ancestor of the upright species on this planet.
        I mean he was.

Pi718: I bet they had the potential to be a sentient species. Seems like they missed some spark (<_<).

        Press E to continue."

"Big brother: I just got your results from this pit. This creature is some sort of reptile.
    From this model I can say that it had very strong hind legs and ah... it ate insects I guess.
    Not sure that it was a dominant species.

Pi718: The reptiles that I've met were very noble, I believe that their ancestors too.

        Press E to continue."

"Big brother: Wow, this beast hadn't arms and legs or any limb to hold something.
    Also it hadn't a noramal brain. But the regeneration skills are amazing. I could say that he was technically immortal.
    But something killed them all too. Funny creature he looked like energy umbrella on our spaceships.

Pi718: But I wonder how they survived without legs on this desert planet (0.0).

        Press E to continue."

"Big brother: Looks like this creature was a predator. Gene decoder says that he was very aggressive.
    But strange that he had wings and feathers and he couldn't fly.
    Also they grew up in eggs like an reptiles.

Pi718: Despite our species researches and tchnologies, we still haven't figured out which came first, the reptile or the egg.
    It seems that this phrase was originally different, A-ha (^_^).

        Press E to continue."

"              Secret Mission: Three of Life

Big brother: You found secret gene code of 'Human' that opened our oldest archives and information. This planet was called Earth and
    and there lived our creators. They left a message to us. Listen:

        'We are sending this self-evolving AI into space in the hope that one day it will fly back and restore humanity.
        We lost 3rd Jedi War with human clones. Replicants gonna kill all original humans. But they can't reproduce naturally.
        The Planet is depleted, we made a lot mistakes in last 3 decades. 2049 year probably gonna be last year for the humanity.'

    So your new mission will be to start restoring ecosystem of this planet. You can start from the genes that you have found yet.

Pi718:  It's so unexpected, we found our main mission. Let's restore the humanity 0_0 .

        Press SPACE or E to continue."